docs: update README (#1548)
quay/claircore: README.md

# Claircore
[![Build Status](https://github.com/quay/claircore/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/quay/claircore/actions/workflows/main.yml)
[![GoDoc](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/quay/claircore?status.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/quay/claircore)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/github/quay/claircore/coverage.svg?branch=main)](https://codecov.io/github/quay/claircore?branch=main)

> A container security library from Red Hat's Clair and Advanced Cluster Security teams.q 

Reviewer: Agree, I don't think this change adds anything.

> A container security library from Red Hat's Clair and Advanced Cluster Security teams.q 

Author: What about something like:
```suggestion
Claircore provides a set of go modules which handle scanning container layers for installed packages and reporting any
discovered vulnerabilities. The engine behind Clair and Advanced Cluster Security.
```
I'd like to get across that this is the shared Red Hat library for container scanning.

> A container security library from Red Hat's Clair and Advanced Cluster Security teams.q 

Reviewer 2: I guess I don't really know the intention behind adding the line, I could see that stackrox/ACS scanner readme mentioning that it uses claircore.

> A container security library from Red Hat's Clair and Advanced Cluster Security teams.q 

Author: The intention was to get across that this is the shared Red Hat library for container scanning. I reverted this line.

For a full overview see: [Claircore Book](https://quay.github.io/claircore)

Claircore is a library that provides scanning container layers for installed packages
and reporting any discovered vulnerabilities.

## Quick start

### Requirements

There some things claircore needs:
- A datastore. Claircore contains a PostgreSQL implementation out of the box.
- Enough storage for the images you intend to scan.

### Basic components

> Claircore's main entire points are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Claircore's main entry points are:
```

- `libindex`: The module that indexes packages and reports all packages for each layer.
- `libvuln`: The module that matches vulnerabilities using an index report.

> ## Development

Reviewer: Empty header

Author: The content below is relevant to this header.
